# DisneyWorld’s ‘Magic Kingdom Park’ Website Review

Website: [https://www.disneyworld.co.uk/destinations/magic-kingdom/](https://www.disneyworld.co.uk/destinations/magic-kingdom/)

The Magic Kingdom Park website serves as an informative, exciting space where customers can purchase tickets as well as find out more information about the park’s amenities.

The structure of the homepage consists of the Header which contains a menu, the Walt Disney World logo, a button to login or register, and a search bar. Below the header, 
there is a large video then a subheader which contains the name of the park as well as the park’s slogan. Above the subheader sits a bar where the most important information 
is stored, the buttons that direct the user to the park hours, the map, and the website for booking tickets.

The body of the webpage consists of upcoming events at the park, the best features of the park, as well as their attractions and dining options. Following this information 
are advertisements for the three other parks in DisneyWorld as well as advertisements for Disney’s other websites and promotions. At the bottom of the webpage, there is an 
interactive map, and lastly, a footer which contains the contact number and a summary of webpages that the website contains.

The website uses a consistent colour palette of purple, blue, and white and contains large images with bright, punchy colours that no doubt appeal to children and their parents.

In the menu, there is a dropdown option called ‘MyDisneyExperience’ which allows the user to view or modify their bookings, book extras, and make dining reservations. I find 
this to be an incredibly useful addition to the menu.

When you select the button to select tickets, you are directed to another [website](https://www.disneyholidays.co.uk/walt-disney-world/tickets/). It seems that you can only 
book a seven-day or fourteen-day trip, and to do so you must check the availability calendar to see if there is Disney Park Pass availability. I find this process to be slightly 
tedious and would personally prefer a more streamlined booking procedure.

Positives: I like the use of the video, as well as the large, attractive images that are used on the website. I like how informative and easy to navigate the website is for both 
adults and children and how the most important information is at a central area at the top of the page.

Negatives: I dislike some design features of the website. I feel that the interactive map at the bottom of the page looks very dated, it could be much more attractive and functional. 
The ticket booking procedure could be much more straightforward than it is and include shorter stay options.
